let's bring in Palestinian journalist
Han Abu isba who joins us live now from
hunis first things first are there still
bombardments ongoing as we
speak yes we are still reporting from
Naser Hospital the second largest public
health facility in the city of Han unas
and uh to confirm to what you said there
is a still ongoing bombardment Mass
bombard of the city of hanun and you
would be able to hear the sound of
explosion as they are nearby the health
facility I'm standing in within the past
two hours there has been multiple
massive air strikes across the Gaza
Strip uh let me start from where where
I'm at right now so the past two hours a
residential homes was was targeted by an
air strike and completely destroyed uh
seven people were pronounced it right at
the spot spot and 40 other were
seriously injured according according to
an eyewitness the house
accommodates the owner of the house and
the vast majority of the people were
evacuated from different parts of the
Gaza City within the vicinity of the of
a shifa hospital complex another
residential homes was destroyed was
targeted and completely destroyed and
according to our resources 70 people
were within that residential building
and there are reports about many of them
were dead other are still under durables
and a large number of casualties two
other densely populated areas were also
targeted by air strikes of the uh shik
rwan neighborhood such a densely
populated area and again the target
seems to be a residential homes another
area was at tatini Street another
densely populated area in Gaza City and
my guess those are the people who were
not able to evacuate their homes and
found refuge in their
homes hany tell us about the scene if
you're able to at alahi Baptist Hospital
that was uh targeted yesterday killing
at least 500 Palestinians um is any part
of that operation that hospital still
operational that's question number one
and are there still search and rescue
operations for possible survivors at the
scene of the strike or is that now over
uh let me let me first start by by by
telling you that the hospital within the
past 3 days turn into a shelter for many
people who evacuated their homes from
the northern part of Gaza and Gaza
governorate people thought it's a
Baptist Hospital belongs to the church
and it might be safe to seek shelter to
keep to seek shelter and refuge in it
unfortunately the many hundreds of
people who
just took the ground and and set up
small tent to protect their families
were not safe after all of that the city
was was already running at the lowest
capabilities possible we have a serious
problem with with the fuel serious
shortage of a fuel to keeps electricity
running let alone running the uh the the
the generators to run electric to
generate electricity as well as the lack
of medical basic supplies made it all
possible for the hospital to sustain
itself right after the air strikes uh um
as far as I know there is a still a
rescue going on uh it started all last
night and be given the intensity of of
the air strikes and the many casualties
we're talking about uh body parts human
bones and flesh spread everywhere uh
everybody was was capable to rescue get
involved in order to help out it was a
very very tragic
scene where did were the wounded taken
and where are they being treated
now okay
M some of the the the wounded we rush to
a shifa hospital and and just to uh uh
give you an idea what the hos what the
shifa hospital looks like now it it's
mainly running Beyond its capacity it's
five times Beyond its capacity with with
shortage of fuel and and and shortage of
medical supply it's hard to sustain the
hospital for the next a few days we
spoke with with some medical uh with
some medical personnel from a shifa
hospital and other people are involved
with the admin work of the hospital and
they talk about that the hospital is at
the brink of of collapse given all the
the shortage of a fuel and medical
supplies and they're looking into uh
within within couple days the the
hospital might might might shut down all
of its services and it will it will run
out of any any capabilities. accommodate
more more injured or more more
casualties the rest of the casualties
were unfortunately we'll have to undergo
some uh initial intervention on their
way to the hospitals some of them was
very critical to transport them from
alah Baptist uh hospital to Al shifa
hospital so we're getting the treatment
right on the ground that was not even
sufficient that that gives you uh the
reason that explains the reason for the
large number of casualties uh people in
these cases uh need immediate immediate
and and very very Swift intervention to
save their lives but unfortunately uh
given all the dangers involved in
movement especially the air strikes took
place right after 7:00 6:30 7:00 that's
for many Palestinians in the Gaza Strip
that's a Red Zone that's a red T red
Zone timeline I'm going to step away
from the
ambulance yes but uh as you can see
there are the an air strike that we just
heard as we were preparing for this life
uh they're rushing casualties into the
hospital we are not sure how many people
have been killed in this air strike
we're going to get our uh information
from the emergency department but as you
can see it creates every time there is
an air strike it creates chaotic
situation and a Mayhem across the
hospital one thing that I want to point
out about this Hospital not only it
accommodates hone pause for a second
honey pause for a second can you look
around you and tell us what's happening
please look around you tell us what's
happening I see movements of ambulance
what's going on yeah there okay all
right all right all right so as you can
see these are ambulance says that they
are rushing casualties from a Target
scene uh an a residential area in the
city of khun has been targeted and
initial reports as I'm getting them it's
a residential's home accommodating large
number of
evacuees uh and they are brought in the
hospital due to the the bombardment of
of the of the area the the they're
talking about multiple air strikes in a
small area so we're going to get our our
reports confirmed of how many people
have been killed in in these air strikes
uh in in in the coming few minutes okay
uh Palestinian journalist honey Abu isba
commenting on what's Happening you're I
know you're at al- Naser Hospital in
kanun you were just telling us what
you're seeing what you're hearing and
first information uh bits of information
that are coming to you I'll let you go
and check with your sources what more
you can find out thank you very much
honey we appreciate
that